Extensive experience with a variety of IT systems, record keeping, project management, and executive support. Experience preparing SOPs, advising / training on technical issues, and teaching college-level biology. Academic background in ecology / natural resources. Safety-oriented, excellent communication skills, and a strong commitment to integrity and inclusivity. 

WORK EXPERIENCE
TECHNICAL CONSULTANT / IT PROJECT MANAGER, World Health Organization
May 2021 – Present        
Oversee testing and implementation of a health survey platform. Ensure platform functionality, accessibility, and resource localization meet requirements. Provide training and technical support as needed in coordination with WHO IT and Romanian development team. 

ADJUNCT INSTRUCTOR, Northeast Mississippi Community College
December 2016 – December 2021        
Taught online / virtual biology courses (Intro BIO I and II, A&P I and II). 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS COORDINATOR, United States Marine Corps (RS Portland, Oregon)
April 2019 – October 2019
Oversaw distribution and maintenance of government-issued laptops, mobile phones, user accounts, and network equipment for 32 USMC recruiting facilities across Oregon, Alaska, and parts of California and Washington. Coordinated with Marines in supply and admin sections on personnel rotation and office relocations. Managed video teleconferencing with District HQ at MCRD San Diego. Supported Portland HQ CO (Major), XO (Captain), and others as needed.
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER, Family Resource Center of North Mississippi
June 2018 – Feb 2019
Managed all aspects of IT for organization’s 13 campuses (procurement, repairs, installation). Oversaw transition from contracted to in-house IT support which significantly decreased expenditure. Taught free, weekly computer classes for low-income senior citizens.
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST, Northeast Mississippi Community College
October 2016 – June 2018        
Provided IT support to College faculty and staff (>150) and students (>3K): PCs, Macs, network, iPads (one-to-one distribution, MDM), AppleTVs, projectors, printers, etc. 
GRADUATE TEACHING ASSISTANT, University of Mississippi
August 2012 – May 2015
Taught numerous biology lab courses for 7 semesters and gave several guest lectures. Two seasons of field work with big-eared bats (Corynorhinus rafinesquii) at remote sites (capture, banding, environmental monitoring, radio telemetry). Trained and supervised 6 field assistants.
DATA CLERK, University of Georgia Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory
September 2009 – June 2012
Managed large electronic database (digitalization of thousands of documents), secure data destruction, and assisted executive director with research, reports, figures, SOPs, and video editing.

LAB ASSISTANT / UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCHER, Mississippi State University Herbarium
February 2008 – April 2009
Managed database, repaired and catalogued plant specimens (many >100 yrs old). Made occasional trips for field sampling and assisted with development of species distribution computer models.

EDUCATION
MASTER OF SCIENCE, BIOLOGY
GPA: 3.65/4.00
University of Mississippi, December 2015

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE, ECOLOGY
GPA: 3.26/4.00
University of Georgia, May 2012

SKILLS & EXPERTISE
Certifications
•	(ISC)² Certified in Cybersecurity (CC)
•	Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals
•	Professional Scrum Master™ I (PSM I) 
Trainings
LinkedIn Learning courses on technical writing, white papers, DevOps, GIS foundations, project management, and managing technical professionals.
Hardware & Software
•	Installation of components: CPU, HDD, RAM, etc. and peripheral support 
•	Mobile device management (inventory, tracking, support)
•	Data migration, secure destruction, disk imaging
•	Network management (wired and wireless)
•	Windows, macOS, iOS, Android + Ubuntu and ChromeOS
•	Microsoft Office, G Suite, forms, surveys + Zoom / Teams / Skype
•	Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat Pro + Canva, SnagIt, Camtasia, Resolve
•	Azure, DevOps, Power Automate, Hyper-V
•	Remote desktop / remote support (AirWave, RDP, Zendesk)
•	HTML / CSS and basic familiarity with GIS
Worked closely with a wide variety of people: students, faculty, enlisted and officer Marines,  federal natural resource managers. Served as assistant to a physically disabled student, taught classes to low-income clients, and routinely work with non-native English speakers.
Collaborated on projects related to climate change (NASA-funded study), species modeling, and botany (tree surveying). Recruited, trained, and supervised assistants for biological fieldwork + taught numerous biology courses and labs. Have worked with birds, bats, plants, fungi, and microbes. 
Graduate course work in behavioral ecology, history of biology, wetlands, restoration ecology, and biostatistics.

